Update changelog for 0.33.0 (#596)
hashicorp/consul-k8s: CHANGELOG.md

## UNRELEASED

BREAKING CHANGES:

> * The consul-k8s repository has been merged with consul-helm and now contains the `consul-k8s-control-plane` binary (previously named `consul-k8s`) and the Helm chart to deploy Consul on Kubernetes. The docker image previously named `hashicorp/consul-k8s` has been renamed to `hashicorp/consul-k8s-control-plane`. The binary and Helm chart will be released together with the same version. [[GH-589](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/589)]

Reviewer: Could we say something here about "If you're installing Consul through the Helm chart and you're not editing the `global.imageK8S` setting then you will have no issues"

Author: Yup!

  * Helm chart v0.33.0+ will support the corresponding `consul-k8s-control-plane` image with the same version only. For example Helm chart 0.33.0 will only be supported to work with the default value `global.imageK8S`: `hashicorp/consul-k8s-control-plane:0.33.0`.
  * The control-plane binary has been renamed from `consul-k8s` to `consul-k8s-control-plane` and is now invoked as `consul-k8s-control-plane` in the Helm chart. The first version of this newly renamed binary will be 0.33.0.
  * The Go module `github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s` has been named to `github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/control-plane`.

>   * The Helm chart is located in `consul-k8s/charts/consul`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * The Helm chart is located under `consul-k8s/charts/consul`.
```

>   * The control-plane binary code is located in `consul-k8s/control-plane`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * The control-plane source code is located under `consul-k8s/control-plane`.
```

* Helm-Chart: Allow setting `connectInject.replicas` to control number of replicas of webhook injector. [[GH-1029](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-helm/pull/1029)]
* Helm-Chart: Add the ability to manually specify a k8s secret containing server-cert via the value `server.serverCert.secretName`. [[GH-1024](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-helm/pull/1046)]

BUG FIXES:
* Control-Plane/Connect: Use `AdmissionregistrationV1` instead of `AdmissionregistrationV1beta1` API as it was deprecated in k8s 1.16. [[GH-558](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/558)]
* Control-Plane/Connect: Fix bug where environment variables `<NAME>_CONNECT_SERVICE_HOST` and
  `<NAME>_CONNECT_SERVICE_PORT` weren't being set when the upstream annotation was used. [[GH-549](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/issues/549)]
* Control-Plane/Connect: Fix a bug with leaving around ACL tokens after a service has been deregistered. [[GH-571](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/issues/540)]
* Control-Plane/CRDs: Fix ProxyDefaults and ServiceDefaults resources not syncing with Consul < 1.10.0 [[GH-1023](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-helm/issues/1023)]

> * Control-Plane/Connect: Skip service registration for duplicate services only on Kubernetes. [[GH-581](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/581)]

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can divide these into sub-sections with Control Plane and Helm and CLI being the subsections? Thoughts?

```
IMPROVEMENTS:
* Control Plane
  * Add flags `-log-level`, `-log-json` to all subcommands to control log level and json formatting. [[GH-523](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/523)]
* Helm Chart
  * Substitute `HOST_IP/POD_IP/HOSTNAME` variables in `server.extraConfig` and `client.extraConfig` so they are passed in to server/client config already evaluated at runtime. [[GH-1042](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-helm/pull/1042)]
  * Set failurePolicy to Fail for connectInject mutating webhook so that pods fail to schedule when the webhook is offline. This can be controlled via `connectInject.failurePolicy`. [[GH-1024](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-helm/pull/1024)]
  * Allow setting global.logLevel and global.logJSON and propogate this to all consul-k8s commands. [[GH-980](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-helm/pull/980)]
  * Allow setting `connectInject.replicas` to control number of replicas of webhook injector. [[GH-1029](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-helm/pull/1029)]
  * Add the ability to manually specify a k8s secret containing server-cert via the value `server.serverCert.secretName`. [[GH-1024](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-helm/pull/1046)]

BUG FIXES:
* Control Plane
  * Connect: Use `AdmissionregistrationV1` instead of `AdmissionregistrationV1beta1` API as it was deprecated in k8s 1.16. [[GH-558](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/558)]
  * Connect: Fix bug where environment variables `<NAME>_CONNECT_SERVICE_HOST` and `<NAME>_CONNECT_SERVICE_PORT` weren't being set when the upstream annotation was used. [[GH-549](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/issues/549)]
  * Connect: Fix a bug with leaving around ACL tokens after a service has been deregistered. [[GH-571](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/issues/540)]
  * CRDs: Fix ProxyDefaults and ServiceDefaults resources not syncing with Consul < 1.10.0 [[GH-1023](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-helm/issues/1023)]
  * Connect: Skip service registration for duplicate services only on Kubernetes. [[GH-581](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/581)]
```

Author: Ooh I like this a lot, it's way cleaner looking, I'll make the change!
